Improve documentation after defining API (#12)
kyma-incubator/octopus: docs/README.md

# Docs

## Overview

> The folder contains documents that provide an insight into Octopus functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The folder contains documents that provide insight into Octopus functionality:
```

<!-- Update the list each time you modify the document structure in this folder. -->

> Read the documents to learn how to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

- [Define test and run test suite](./08-tutorial.md) 

> Find out more about:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read these documents to learn more about CRDs that Octopus uses:
```

> - [TestDefinition CRD](./06-00-CRD-TestDefinition.md) that defines your test as a Pod specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [TestDefinition](./06-00-CRD-TestDefinition.md) defines your test as a Pod specification.
```

> - [ClusterTestSuite CRD](./06-01-CRD-ClusterTestSuite.md) that defines how to execute tests and what to execute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ClusterTestSuite](./06-01-CRD-ClusterTestSuite.md) defines a suite of tests to execute and how to execute them. 
```
